README.md, before:

# reference-website


1. Naming convention for all filenames, paths and folders
-No spaces are allowed. Only "-" "." "_" are allowed.

2. Best practices for commit messages
-Minimum 3 words & 10 characters
-Proper spelling & grammar
-Capital starting letter, no period
-Must start with an imperative verb: Create, Fix, Add, Solve, etc.
-Pretend every commit starts with the phrase: “This commit will…”

3. What is HTML?
-HTML stands for the HyperText Markup Language which is the standard format to display documents in a web browser.

4. Proper syntax for HTML tags
-starts and ends with "<" ">"
-Often uses "/" 

5. Explain or demonstrate commonly used html tags/elements:
(headings: h1-h6) - h1 defines the most important heading of the page while h6 defines the least important. There should only be one h1 represented per page. 
(p) - P represents a paragraph used to group related content.
(lists: ul, ol, dl) - ul is used when creating a listing in unordered fashion, while ol is used when creating an ordered list such as in numeric fashion. dl represents definition lists which are used to group terms with their definitions. 
(a) - "a" is used to define a hyperlink which will link to another page or website.
(img) - "img" is used to embed an image.
(q) - "q" is used to define a quotation.
(blockquote) - "blockquote" is used when the quotation is from another source.
(cite) - 
(em) - 
(strong) - 
(b) - 
(i) - 
(small) -

Commit message:

5. Explain or demonstrate commonly used html tags/elements:

README.md, after:

# reference-website


1. Naming convention for all filenames, paths and folders
-No spaces are allowed. Only "-" "." "_" are allowed.

2. Best practices for commit messages
-Minimum 3 words & 10 characters
-Proper spelling & grammar
-Capital starting letter, no period
-Must start with an imperative verb: Create, Fix, Add, Solve, etc.
-Pretend every commit starts with the phrase: “This commit will…”

3. What is HTML?
-HTML stands for the HyperText Markup Language which is the standard format to display documents in a web browser.

4. Proper syntax for HTML tags
-starts and ends with "<" ">"
-Often uses "/" 

5. Explain or demonstrate commonly used html tags/elements:
(headings: h1-h6) - h1 defines the most important heading of the page while h6 defines the least important. There should only be one h1 represented per page. 
(p) - P represents a paragraph used to group related content.
(lists: ul, ol, dl) - ul is used when creating a listing in unordered fashion, while ol is used when creating an ordered list such as in numeric fashion. dl represents definition lists which are used to group terms with their definitions. 
(a) - "a" is used to define a hyperlink which will link to another page or website.
(img) - "img" is used to embed an image.
(q) - "q" is used to define a quotation.
(blockquote) - "blockquote" is used when the quotation is from another source.
(cite) - "cite" is used when tagging creative work such as music, books, movies, etc.
(em) - "em" is used to imply emphasis within text. 
(strong) - "strong" is used for context with strong importance and typically displayed in bold.
(b) - "b" is used to indicate bold text without any importance 
(i) - "i" is used to display text with a different style or mood, often displayed with italic 
(small) - "small" is used to display smaller sized text, often used for side comments and copyright logos.
